docs/README.md, before:

---
home: true
heroImage: /images/Wujiquan_logo.jpeg
actionText: Classes →
actionLink: /beijing/
pageClass: main-page-class
features:
- title: Health Cultivation
  details: Whether your goal is to be a top-notch martial artist or spiritual cultivation, you will get a firm foundation and stay healthy physically, mentally and spiritually.
- title: Systematic and Personalised
  details: We only hold small classes so that everyone gets the required attention. Our instructors teach in a systematic manner to ensure you can progress in the best manner.
- title: Effective
  details: Wujiquan is an effective martial arts system. With dilligent practice and correct guidance, you can start feeling the effects and benefits yourself in a matter of months. 
footer: Attribution + Noncommercial (BY-NC) | Copyright © 2018-present International Association of Fumin Wujiquan
---

## Wujiquan Book 

We are happy to announce that the first ever public book about Wujiquan has been finished and is available as an eBook in English language. 

[![Wujiquan Book Preview](https://wujiquan.sgp1.cdn.digitaloceanspaces.com/Documents/Wuji_book_photo.jpg)](https://wujiquan.sgp1.cdn.digitaloceanspaces.com/Documents/ebook-short-preview.pdf "Wujiquan Book preview")

> Wujiquan is a rare Chinese internal martial art that is rooted deeply in the Taoist philosophy. It was secretly passed down in the family of grandmaster Wu Zhenshi for 6 generation, in each generation only one male offspring would be taught this art. What is the history of Wujiquan before it was passed to Wu family has been blurred by the time, but the system has preserved and thanks to grandmaster Wu it has spread also outside Wu family and even outside of China. We hope that this book is the first step to open Wujiquan to even wider audience and help to preserve its knowledge for future generation.

Commit message:

Add link to download the book preview

docs/README.md, after:

---
home: true
heroImage: /images/Wujiquan_logo.jpeg
actionText: Classes →
actionLink: /beijing/
pageClass: main-page-class
features:
- title: Health Cultivation
  details: Whether your goal is to be a top-notch martial artist or spiritual cultivation, you will get a firm foundation and stay healthy physically, mentally and spiritually.
- title: Systematic and Personalised
  details: We only hold small classes so that everyone gets the required attention. Our instructors teach in a systematic manner to ensure you can progress in the best manner.
- title: Effective
  details: Wujiquan is an effective martial arts system. With dilligent practice and correct guidance, you can start feeling the effects and benefits yourself in a matter of months. 
footer: Attribution + Noncommercial (BY-NC) | Copyright © 2018-present International Association of Fumin Wujiquan
---

## Wujiquan Book 

We are happy to announce that the first ever public book about Wujiquan has been finished and is available as an eBook in English language. 

Click on [this link](https://wujiquan.sgp1.cdn.digitaloceanspaces.com/Documents/ebook-short-preview.pdf) or on the photo of the book to download the PDF preview. 

[![Wujiquan Book Preview](https://wujiquan.sgp1.cdn.digitaloceanspaces.com/Documents/Wuji_book_photo.jpg)](https://wujiquan.sgp1.cdn.digitaloceanspaces.com/Documents/ebook-short-preview.pdf "Wujiquan Book preview")

> Wujiquan is a rare Chinese internal martial art that is rooted deeply in the Taoist philosophy. It was secretly passed down in the family of grandmaster Wu Zhenshi for 6 generation, in each generation only one male offspring would be taught this art. What is the history of Wujiquan before it was passed to Wu family has been blurred by the time, but the system has preserved and thanks to grandmaster Wu it has spread also outside Wu family and even outside of China. We hope that this book is the first step to open Wujiquan to even wider audience and help to preserve its knowledge for future generation.
